now this penthouse unit is new
construction it's fantastic it has views
of the entire apartment and there is a
ton of natural light coming from these
south-facing windows who is this lady
no she's walked in here with a cat it is
fantastic for naps and defending
territory
she said the seller gave her the keys
what's seller that cat wearing a tie
now the only downside to this unit is
you will have to walk a bit of a
distance to get to the nearest restroom
it sounds like she's selling our home
but to akid if that one is out of your
price range perhaps I can interest you
in this lower level chair unit it has a
work boat ma'am I am I
are you selling our house no not the
house it just portions of the house that
the seller has authorized me to
represent what seller he said that he'd
amassed quite a bit of property and was
looking to liquidate some of his assets
have any assets his biscuits wearing a
tie to Kat real estate law clearly
states that any area that a cat is
designated as spots is legally his or
hers to sell at his discretion okay this
is ridiculous this is not his chair to
sell yeah ma'am ma'am I'm sorry uh that
blanket is an amenity and its removal
severely decreases the property's value
I am so sorry you had to see that
well now this sweater drawer is expected
to be a very hot property you're the
first to see it now this is a warm cozy
people free hideaway that you can enjoy
featuring freshly laundered linens that
are always at the height of fashion I'm
really not okay with this
well she wearing that tie oh yeah and
one level up we have the underwear
drawers this is worse this one offers
less heat retention than the sweater
drawer and it's absolutely perfect if
you're looking for a nice summer getaway
moon all right okay well those are nice
alright those are mine yeah okay those
are those are mine it's just a phase
you'll be hearing from us if my client
wants to make an offer you pass the
remote
I can't it's on his land could you lease
Good Hope for a little bit no because
last time he called the cops
you weren't that tire earlier
oh what the